---
title: Consistency and long-term vision wins
date: 2025-08-27
---

## D

- [x] Reply Rosemond + Titek - coordinate time to meet
- [x] Reply Max - coordinate time to meet
- [x] Find time to meet with Richard (Ins Agent consulting?)
- [x] Outreach to RM (MSI Insurance)
--
- [X] Draft 2 - [[human + AI harmony thesis]] (20 min)
	- [x] Post tweet about Vertical SaaS in Insurance Tech
- [ ] blog - Phil Jackson management/zen leadership (25 min)

--
- [x] Working Out
- [x] Running/Wandering in woods
- [x] Listen to audiobook (Alchemist)


## M

## Meditations

### 2:30 PM
Anxiety whether I should be iterating faster? Should I be reaching out for more leads?
Should I be trying to maximize leads, get another job, go to SF? There is internal pressure and doubt, whether I'm recruiting hard enough, doing enough, reaching out. Should I be scrolling on Handshake and sending in tens of applications each week (despite applications having increasingly low response rates)? I see people and other founder griding, scheduling 5 hours of back-to-back calls, hustle culture peak and that actually working for them - they are getting investors, into YC, large contracts. 

Or integrate with the moment...not rushing, taking my measured time but being deliberately focused on the most important habits. Not worrying about the outcomes yet, as long as I have this NCFB job, I'm recharging. Being confident about my path and timeline. Focus on the key tasks at hand - activating my network 1) from Agorum 2) startup friends from Penn 3) inbound leads from content generated from LinkedIn, X or blog posts. 

I'm optimizing for alignment, and I'm becoming more increasingly tuned into the frequency and not prematurely stressing, panicking and being deliberately strategic. But this lingering fear if I'm doing enough at the present moment keeps popping up. 

Being present is the most important, fundamental edge that is giving me signal so far. 

### 8:00 AM

## W


