--
title: Biting the bullet, progress on workflow
date: 2025-08-18
--

## Daily Tasks
- [ ] Book plane tickets for BB / Coordinate w RK
- [ ] Think about SF exit plan

## Meditations

### 0800 AM
Feeling so darn tired today, slept for extra hours over the weekend. It may be due to increased physical load and workouts I'm doing. Youve already built the Airtable prototype. You can take a step back this morning. 

I need to prioritize "fresh mind" to execute on the hardest tasks. Find the natural product market fit

When I'm mentally exhausted where I can't productively do work, pushing through is antithetical. Let go, step back and take another approach. Interrogate why I feel exhausted. 

MCPs and new agentic technologies will drive the AI gold rush, but am I mentally ready for this? Is this aligned? It is a huge learning curve, and requires mental energy to build. Being 

### 1530 PM
Dont feel like doing anything, processes and workflows have dropped a bit. Didn't have enough energy to do yoga in the morning, and have been sleeping more. I always feel guilty, where Richard's voice in my head to push through the pain - but I know this leads to burnout. 

I'm wondering how I can survive building my own business, if I don't have the mental toughness to execute, get work done even when I don't feel like doing it. The tension between "just doing it/biting the bullet beyond the pain" versus actually listening to my body, easing off or taking a more favorable/conducive route. 

I know I need to get out of Chapel Hill as soon as I reasonably can. Farm Bureau has already hit its saturation point - I need to start strategizing transition to San Francisco.

When I get stressed, I need to remind myself there are only a handful of things I should be "afraid of". Operate without fear, or looming anxiety. Just act, operate in the moment. The path will unfold on its own. 

Fears of losing my job? Attachment - don't become overly emotionally invested. 
Fears of not being able to handle workload? remove attachment to notion, and take 1 step at a time. 

I executed today - expended minimal energy while leveraging LLMs, prompt engineering to build an effective form on Airtable. My main concern is data compliance, which could be addressed through conversation with David Herring tomorrow. 

The importance of pacing oneself, and not burning out is highly important. 

> [ ] Also, read the paper on Small Language Models


## Workspace

-- 1100 AM -- 
We got Airtable/Typeflow integration finally working. Only issue is that Airtable charges $45/mo for using scripting to automate. Maybe the workaround is sending an email and printing it out. 

Additionally, the issue of PII safety - the initial interface takes in sensitive data, and need 