---
title: Recentering my energy this morning - clarity 
date: 10-01-2025
---

# memo
its now Q4, we have solid momentum. focus energy on what matters, strategically conserve and invest energy and attention

prioritize sf trip, relationships w friends - open to paths of arriving in SF. 
keep an open mind to opportunities, but don't overexert yourself

immerse in present moment, non-attachment to deadlines and "plans" - follow the natural flow to reach higher-level goals

jerry 40 years old looking back at this moment, enjoy and relish the moment, the tension, the challenge

# todo
- [X] mr-yoga-swim-0.375mi
- [x] apps to Palantir, 
- [X] post content substack, linkedin, Instagram

- ByteDance, Goldman Sachs (referral from Sam?)
- [x] look thru a16z tech week events and sign up for 3 most interesting
- [ ] play tennis w William, Todd @ CHTC

# meditations

## 10:21 PM
today was awesome. played tennis with students of my old tennis coach, got to see the incredible progress and sharing with him. got into the flow state.

i want to play tennis (at the competitive level) more each week - I feel amazing afterwards. 

this is why i don't follow a schedule - spontaenous, yet highly fulfilling moments pop up randomly when you make time, space for them. 

maybe i'll coach tennis part time in SF or NYC? theres a huge demand for tennis coaches and already had friends reach out. 

was also thinking about playing the non-fungible game. would i rather be 80% happy working a job that is prestigous, high paying but not super fulfilling? or 95% fulfilled teaching tennis, not worrying about prestige, clout and achieving what was naturally meant for me? 

this is what people mean by their ikigai, or what you're meant to do. the narrative is so cohesive, it makes complete sense, you are one in 7 billion - nobody else can replicate your path/brand. you are non-fungible. it comes from non-attachment and receiving the universe. 

## 12:30 PM
zoom out, play the long-term game. 

individual agency gives life meaning. take calculated risks, swing big, but consistently. push the frontiers of one's mental model of reality. keep finding asymmetric arbitrage opportunities. 

learn about the world, refine your systems. these all-in risks will pay off regardless of financial outcome as a life well lived, regret minimalization and free of social conformity as one carves their own path. 

## 9:41am
zoom out, play the long-term game. 

individual agency gives life meaning. how do people "barely scraping by" with no savings to invest apply this entrepreneurial mindset? when their health, relationships are damaged and in fragile state, investment or playing into the system makes no sense. survival mode requires true scrappiness. 

however, the universal thread is taking FULL responsibility, agency of one's condition and belief in ability to change. no blaming the system and wallowing, no standing on the divider begging all day. a willingness to break out of old patterns, no matter how small of a step. 

these are universal principles, and are political and economic system agnostic. cavemen and every other organism on this planet must lock in to survive, no excuses or certain death. 

take calculated risks, swing big, but consistently. push the frontiers of one's mental model of reality. keep finding asymmetric arbitrage opportunities. 

just read a thread about Henry Kravis' conversation with Ravi Gupta, after his resignation to join Instacart. Instead of convincing him to stay, he lauded his enterprising mentality - go take calculated risks when young. here's the convo:

---

Ravi was stunned: “Henry wanted to share the story of how he and George started KKR. He said he respected my desire to go help build something.” But Henry’s masterclass in leadership wasn’t the most memorable thing about their meeting. As Ravi was walking out, Henry stopped him…

Henry: “How old are you?”

Ravi: “I’m 33…”

Henry: “I would do anything to be 33 again…I would do anything to do it over again.”

Looking back on Henry’s parting comment nearly 10 years ago, Ravi recalled: “I didn’t understand it then. I do now.”

---

while I disagree with alot of KKR's controversial aggressive LBO tactics creating private equity's proliferation in straining affordable housing, commoditizing healthcare, I do think Kravis touches on a fundamental truth of prospecting for assymetric return opportunities and not shying away from perceived risk. and true mentors are invested in their people succeeding, not just the corporate entity. 

ideally, I would want to see Kravis' mindset applied towards asymmetric opportunities that unlock more accessible, widerspread prospertity for all - rather than a concentrated investor/LP class financing KKR's vehicles.

but the principle still stands - learn about the world, refine your systems. these all-in risks will pay off regardless of financial outcome as a life well lived, regret minimalization and free of social conformity as one carves their own path.