---
title: Reflections on 2025 - Getting “un-stuck” from a rut or funk
date: 2025-12-31
---
its about not forcing, but consistent alignment
let go, release and detach from your plans, “intentions”
just be - allow yourself to rot and exist
no judgement here, only observe
allow the natural energy flow on its own.

im recharging right now. 
a soundscape, flow state
essential oils of cedarwood and balsam
my safe cave where imagination can run wild
where i can embody being Jerry Cai

focus on your environment. take a shower, light a candle. 
clean up your house. make it smell nice. 
Set your mind right … before diving into “work”, “studying” or any intellecutal task. 
When you’re pushing hard in work and theres high resistance (think Junior year, or workaholism)
look at other parts of your life → social support systems, friendships, call to vent your frustrations and get a new perspective. 

Often times of being stuck are believing in a false dichotomy that paralyzes
when in reality, both sides of tension can simultaneously exist. 
Conversation, talking, verbalizing your fears - often is enough to get un-stuck. 

when you feel repeated resistance
diminishing returns, where hooke’s law - more effort increases resistance
take a step back. release. just observe. 

---

## what new years means for me

there is something about escaping the mass manufactured holidays. the excess consumerism, media attention towards new years. 
the social pressure to go out, celebrate, drink at bars. 

when the true gift is being at peace about your intentions this year. 
about the core values, risks, moments of courage and hard decisions. 

i prefer being in my personal sanctuary during the last few moments of the previous year, leading into the new. 
i love reflecting on my life, my priorities - without the noise of society
my heart is already full, knowing i have incredible people in my life supporting my journey

