## Daily Tasks
- [ ] Run 24 km
- [ ] Make tuna ceviche

---
date: 2025-07-13
title: on turning 24 and the path forward

---

## Meditations

### 8:22 PM
As my last days of 23 close, I begin 24 today. It feels somewhat normal, but a matured version of my previous birthday. Instead of birthday parties, travel to exotic destinations - I celebrated an intimate occasion in my own home in Chapel Hill, NC with my beloved family. 

I didn't really need any ostentatious, materialistic goods. The emptiness, meditation and existential reckoning I've processed these past few months made me realize I have already arrived. I have everything I need spiritually, mentally and physicially here. Today has been an incredible day, grounded in family, connection with friends and devotion to health, exercise and good food. 

My intention was to focus on authenticity and sustained consistency. Ground confidence in my beliefs of greater human connection/consciousness, intellectual curiosity to explore biodynamic systems and embrace the flow of the universe. 

Receive the present moment, fully grasp and immerse yourself - don't hide from the discomfort. Just sit with it and let the natural order and outcome emerge. 

Fear is natural. But don't let this drive your movement, ambition and vision. 
[Graham Weaver](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0SQor2z2QAU&t=215s&ab_channel=StanfordGraduateSchoolofBusiness) said embody your goal and identity, "I am an olympic rower" he said.  

I am a perception/embodied AI engineer.
I am a transdisciplinary pioneer between human, perception, consciousness and AI. 
I am a trailblazer in unifying biodynamic systems, sustainable innovation and human wellness. 

---
humans in the state of eudaimonia 