---
title: New directions - potential paths for integration
date: 2025-08-08
---

## Meditations

### 2:30 PM

Meeting people is actually so difficult post-grad, when you're not in a major city and have a full-time job. After college, people are much slower to respond - there isn't that immediacy or pressure to respond, like it was at school.

I'm texting and writing emails with more full confidence, less hesitation. This is tightening outreach loops, decreasing drafting time and being more efficient. 

However, replies haven't been mediocre. I did cold outreach to a UNC robotics professor, 2 senior IT directors at NCFB, and a few actuaries, but haven't heard back. These warm introductions or connections really do matter more now. 

This whole early-20s career is confusing. So much uncertainty about what skills I need to develop, which career route I want to take, if I want to  do another startup. I have the drive and desire to learn/work, but the available job opportunities to me are pretty limited right now. 

***
Graduating in this economic recession is jarring. Left and right, people saying this will have lifetime effects on earnings. College grads who can't get their foot in the door for a job will be doomed. 

Higher education no longer becomes a strong signal for trainability, and employers want to derisk as much as possible. Employers want job experience



---

## Workspace

### MIT Supply Chain Masters of Management

- Supply chain program: https://scm.mit.edu/supply-chain-management-masters-degree-options/
- https://scm.mit.edu/admissions/

Personal Narrative - Non-traditional Background
- Neuroscience + systems engineering


In essence, both supply chain management and computational neuroscience deal with intricate, interconnected systems that require efficient information processing, intelligent decision-making, and the ability to learn and adapt to dynamic environments. The parallels between these two fields open doors for applying insights and methodologies from computational neuroscience to solve complex challenges in supply chain optimization.


