---
title: Perception is reality, authenticity and context
date: 2025-10-23
---
# memo

# todo

- text Zach to stay over the weekend?
- 
# energy audit

I've already done yoga and gotten sunlight. 
Do I actually want to go to this Braintrust event? I think I do - would give me more networking opportunities while in SF 

Conserve my core energy - I want to do more deep intellectual dives, especially researching if we are in an AI bubble. This could crucially inform my employment decision. 

I don't know if I really want to go to this BrainTrust/Vercel event. Its going to be a bunch of tech ppl, and might be draining. I just want to be back home and do some reading and recharge - last few nights have been hectic. Take it slower. 

# meditations

--0503pm--
perception is reality. thats what i learned from NCFB - even though I was doing legitimate work, I still got discredited because of superficial behaviors that gave the perception of negligence. 

even today, after doing my primary tasks - I feel like I'm still on thin ice with the work-trial. being 3 min late to the morning meeting, dozing off for 10 minutes to catch up on sleep - but Sahitya sends me a photos, "You good?" Bad optics and the chastising of Richard, makes it feel like its the end of the world. I even took my shirt off for 5 minutes to workout at planet fitness, and got chastised - even though I genuinely was hot, didn't care about showing off and just wanted to not soak my jacket. 

I don't want to give a bad first impression towards the endeavor AI team, so I'm putting forth more effort to emphasize my work ethic, technical skills first. I am very strategic and discrete with time when I leave the office - I don't want to be seen as a leech, or not taking this opportunity seriously. I want to maximize how much time I'm present in the office so people know I'm 

I'm taking this afternoon to recharge spiritually. being around tech people can be internally draining and putting on this persona of bro-y ness. i'm not sure if I'm comfortable yet being my true yoga, hippie, nature indie loving self around people at endeavor. 

I feel like I need to prove myself, strategically emphasize tech founder attributes first to maximize odds of securing a more permanent employment before I show my true colors. 

authenticity means being aware of how you present yourself, and contextually smart - not just be the same version of yourself around different people. because people vibe with different parts of you, which you should lean into more. 

