
---
title: Long-term financial and life planning - priorities and goals
date: 2025-08-06
---
## Meditations

### 9:00 AM
Wow - traffic on I-40 can be brutal. Im tired from execution last night. Going forward, most of flow state work should be done in morning/earlier. I need to protect my evenings for personal and decompress - which allows for better sleep. 

Today, I'm going to take a break from AWS, development stuff. 

I need to develop a long-term plan for finances. Develop a long term earning/savings plan

Doing the startup, the Lake Tahoe adventure/gap year put me into debt. They were valuable learning experiences, which would compound. 

### 1:42 PM
Realization - compounding in the long term matters more than where you start off. This is like a mathematical function, where the rate of growth is orders higher, and eventually it will overtake the other with greater initial conditions. I'm treating this time now rather than a handicap, instead as developing iteration velocity, velocity to learn, be agile, and find alignment. 

The compounding effects of the morning meditation, exercising every other day, going to the gym. I am starting to see more now. Additionally, not being on my phone and behold to the algorithm at home has yielded a lot more bandwidth. 

I also believe approachable talent is the best way to find align jobs. The dynamic which Richard I operated on was the best leads must be inbound, and they want you, where you have all the leverage. The way I build this inbound and greater signal is to be .1% at a certain domain or skill.

The guiding question now is, what can I do better than anyone else at the moment, and position myself in a way where I can do this into perpetuity, and people want this? I don't think this would be found by selling yourself to accompany and being simply an employee, but giving you more time and trials to figure out this niche. I need to find a niche I can absolutely dominate.

Keep on going, Jerry, the long-term financial upside of your habits right now in living below your means in developing these discipline skills will free you ultimately. Just keep on going.

### 8:55 PM
I am building in decades. Am not here for the short term gain, or the fleeting grift. I see systems technology, integrates harmoniously with nature in the surroundings, and the cosmic force that provides everything.

The present fear of whether I will find a job, take advantage of the pen, brand-name, maximize climbing the Career ladder and get as much altitude as possible, the brand names and hyper competitive interviews. same thing with raising money from prestigious investors and playing the so-and-so X million dollars further seed or Series A.

I'm focused on the present, aware of the future, integrating both in the continuum. The consistency, repetition, excellence, and craftsmanship focused on developing compounding skills that align with the Ultimate vision, connected to the highest source of energy and the highest residence of my existence on earth. That residence will not always be the immediate job, security, or external metrics - instead by transcending, these material and social constructs, this energy source will give me more longevity, and breath and range to go pursue this vision in alignment then any other person would. 

Contrary to Startup, dogma and experience, I believe my mission is built over decades, and my race to be run the marathon, not the 5K sprint. To run longer I must run slower, but more intentionally. I must build the proverbial aerobic base, but not deviate, and very intentionally focus on small steps in the right direction. Momentum will build, and this momentum will become orders, greater in magnitude compared to different mathematical functions.

I have to remind myself to embody the confidence, to transcend the expectations of my parents, society. Keep on finding that thing that you are world-class in, that feels like play that no one else would be able to, or the combination and unique perspective you bring. When you have velocity and aligned direction, you will outpace those who started with better "initial conditions."

It may take 1000 tries before you hit the one paradigm shifting success. But it only takes one of those success to change your entire life, and the entire trajectory, that you've known, and how you reflect on your legacy and fulfillment. most people won't even try 100 times and get discouraged and settle. But I have to remind myself, the level I am building at, deep down I know I belong at this echelon, and I'm driven by these experiences I've had in the past. I can feel it inside deeply calling me, which is what is motivating this drive - the drive may not be the same as other Silicon Valley founders for their disciplines, but it certainly will be for my unique vision and the entire paradigm I'm architecting.

This is a work in progress, grounded in reality, but shaped presently towards a visionary future. Keep on following this energy, and trusting the universe. Keep putting in the reps and let the consistency and compounding take care of the rest. 

## Workspace

[Building Wealth in Your 20s](https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/build-wealth-in-your-20s-a-young-investors-guide-to-investing)

Insight: I've already done majority of exploration in my 20s. I have moved beyond the juvenile/bachelors lifestyle of consumption. I now need to invest and compound. I want enough financial but more importantly time/schedule flexibility to travel, visit other countries and cultures. I want AUTONOMY and freedom, which is most important to me. Freedom to learn, travel, pursue different hobbies. I definitely want a family, and embrace more traditional family values. 

Remember, all of this is an illusion. Meaning and fulfillment in life is created from struggle, challenges and triumph. 

Investments
- Stocks/Equities
- Real Estate Properties

Real Estate
- Consider buying land, developing my own properties. 
- Buy 2-3 small "cottages" or condos around the country and world that allows me to travel to ski, natural destinations

Economic Skills
- Leverage AI/Cloud technology - make money, invest and build stability