
---
title: Internal unease about grifting, system-gaming and our human morals endpoint
date: 2025-07-25
---

## Meditations

### 6:26 AM
Grifting is so common place now in scams have become the norm. It's what Richard justifies as "this is how the real world works". It's deeply morally troubling to see a lack of regard for greater care, acting in good faith for other human beings, instead replaced by obsession for one's self enrichment. It's the ego manifesting itself to an extreme.

However, I question my own moral compass. If actions which are considered "grifting "or just how the indifferent universe works, am I being too sensitive or am I unnecessarily causing self harm? Is a lion killing a giselle, and letting it suffer, and die a slow death in the same moral transgression in the same category as cheating, grifting in startups? It's just a fact of nature, and those who are naturally selected to best execute are the ones who win, especially in a competition environment.

It almost feels that integrity, the morals of spouse by Judea Christian beliefs, are some sort of delusion. Unless, if the almost 5000 years of human history, culture in allegories and literature, with archetypes, passing down age, old wisdom about people who grift and the outcome - completely false.

I am hesitant to jump back into the startup world, given the incentives to readily game. The system, play a zero sum game, in execute a real politic, like approach with little regard to ideals or morals. And I am not a saint or an extreme spiritual leader in any regards. I am willing to take into practical consideration and adjust my behaviors in orientation. 

I don't know if this is my youthful naivety, influencing my outlook, but something deep down feels wrong, and in authentic about engaging in grifting, system gaming for an end that I don't truly believe in, nor do I want to see an ideal version of the world. My mind, and rational conditioning tells me one direction, but my heart and soul points me in another orthogonal direction. I don't believe in absolute opposites, I believe there are higher dimensions, which both are orthogonal and reveal across like normal vector that integrates both component vectors.


## Meditations

### 8:13 AM

The questions becomes how do I approach this multidisciplinary map I see?

Strategic Priorities
- Move to SF or LA (secure employment there)
- Maintain A) Fitness/Meditation B) Biodynamics C) Reading/Humanities

Objectives:
- Build in Linux 
- Computer Vision Fundamentals
- Robotics integration with GR00T

Frontier - Biodynamics, Bio-integrated robotics, bio-chips

### 11:45
Reflecting on buidling responsible systems
, especially on the absis of integrity to original principles. [Aristotle's Nicomachian Ethics](https://historyofeconomicthought.mcmaster.ca/aristotle/Ethics.pdf]

I am thinking more consciously about the path towards technological develop and responsible alignment. AI is incredibly close to overtaking human abilities, which can be catastrophic. Vigilance and awareness are now imperative. 


## Workspace

### 8:30 AM
Look into DevOps skills for Robotics. 
DevOps, monitoring, safety and reliability is mos

This role fundamentally integrates AI safety, management and best practices. 

Goal is to learn Docker/Kubernetes with the lens of Robotics systems

[Good Primer on Docker + Robotics](https://github.com/2b-t/docker-for-robotics/blob/main/doc/Motivation.md)

[Interdisciplinary Robotics - High Signal!](https://medium.com/@RocketMeUpIO/interdisciplinary-approaches-in-robotics-research-bridging-fields-for-innovation-955c518d1958)

[DevOps in Robotics](https://robotoperationsgroup.org/manifesto)


### 10:51
---
working on Docker tutorial. implementing first docker file and in dockerhub
---

[Slideshow - Getting Started w Docker](https://dockerlabs.collabnix.com/docker/Docker_VIT_Intro/Docker_VIT_Intro.html)

[Hello Whale Github Example](https://github.com/ajeetraina/hellowhale)

My brain hurts. I tried to push the first docker example, hellowhale, to docker but it failed. Unable to access resource. 

I wonder how this relates to my overarching goal of biodynamic systems and robotics?

[ETH Zurich - Biohybrid Robotics](https://srl.ethz.ch/research/BiohybridRobotics.html)

[Implicit Neural Vector Fields](https://github.com/edomel/ImplicitVF)

### 2:13 PM
[Sensor-Embedded Muscle for Closed-Loop Controllable Actuation in Proprioceptive Biohybrid Robots](https://advanced.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/aisy.202400413)