---
title: Making moves, physical catharsis, strategic building
date: 2025-10-18
---
# memo
we are making moves rn, 13.1 mi running + 10 mi afterwards in the morning felt so cathartic
physical exercise flushes all bullshit out your system
delta force operator x kobe obsessive mindset.
fundamentals are different for me than others. 

- [ ] radical catharsis, ruthlessly strategic building today + preparation for upcoming battles

# todo
- [x] run/bike
- [ ] palantir - hybrid build strategy, use LLMs + existing workflow for decomm... (2 hrs)
	- [ ] time blocking 30 min sprints
- [ ] further BMAD + continue looking at agentic workflows
# workspace

--

To clarify, it's not Richard - he is my former cofounder who ended up starting another company which got funded by YCombinator. The current contenders are Sahitya, a classmate from Penn - who I'm interviewing for Endeavor AI - a seed/series A company - along with Harvey AI (interviewed on Friday) series E and Palantir (in new york)

I haven't asked about their work trial starting dates yet.

I want to move consciously fast, but not recklessly, fomo'ed into bad decisions. That's already enough information for me tonight - the critical decision rests on these work trial start dates which I hope to get tomorrow.

I realize the boundaries I am comfortable pushing, some of these do overlap with Richard and his suggestions on moving forward. Where I feel, comfortable, pressing, and calling Richard today and getting an update, for my own beliefs, by compressing the timeline from 2 weeks to 1 week, start looking at flights to get the pieces together - similar when two models with different mechanisms converge a similar outcome, that signal.

My plan is to follow up with the companies. I've been talking with, and get a gauge on how soon and informed them I have other offers to

Rest and a clear state of mind is the priority right now. I shouldn't keep developing or coding this app. find the highest ROI decisions, they don't have to be writing code or technical, these decisions tend to have 10 X or 100 X outcomes.