---
title: Daily motions of life
date: 2025-07-18
---

## Daily Tasks

## Meditations

### 8:25 AM
Grateful to be a part of the NC Farm Bureau community - everyone is supportive, wishing us happy birthday. 


### 1:44 PM
We are moving forward, regaining excitement and energy for the world. Just observing my find and where my attention drifts towards is a point of fascination. Riding the waves in excitement for AS and waiting to hear back from Tony at Shinkei. Life isn't deferred into the future, but rather fully lived in the present. 

The difficult aspect of living this aligned life is the little future certainty, constantly questioning my path and navigating the external social/economic pressures. 

Daily meditation, wake-up routine, writing thoughts is valuable. The engineering, building will fully emerge naturally.

### 3:00 PM
Work today, especially in the afternoon feels like a grind. 


## Workspace

Proportional-Integral-Derivative (PID) Controller: This is a widely used robot control algorithm in engineering and automation systems. It is designed to regulate and stabilize the output of a system by continuously adjusting a control variable based on the error between the desired setpoint and the actual process variable. 

Fuzzy logic controller (FLC): FLC uses fuzzy logic to make decisions and control processes. Fuzzy logic is an approach to variable processing that allows for multiple possible truth values to be processed through the same variable. Fuzzy logic attempts to solve problems with an open, imprecise spectrum of data and heuristics that makes it possible to obtain an array of accurate conclusions. 

Neural network controller (NNC): The neural network-based control of mobile robots is usual to work with kinematic models of automated mobile robot to obtain stable motion control laws for trajectory following or goal reaching. 
 
Adaptive controller: This is a type of control system that can adjust its parameters or behavior in real-time to adapt to changes in the system or environment it is controlling. The purpose of an adaptive controller is to improve control performance and maintain stability even in the presence of uncertainties, variations, or disturbances. 

Robust controller: This is a type of control system design that is specifically designed to achieve robust performance when tuning control systems to high-level design requirements you specify, such as reference tracking, disturbance rejection, stability margins, and loop shapes. 