# memo

grounding, alignment and reach cruising altitude. everything feels pure and flows.

morning yoga, breathwork and meditations. relationships transcend material and physical presence - across the time-space continuum. 

> obj: alignment, presence and flow. strategically plan the week + open asymmetric opportunities through relationships


# todo
before 4:45
- [x] outreach to 1) Samson 2) Rosemond/Chris Wu
- [x] Tennis w Jerry Xiang 
5-6 BMAD deep dive. 
# workspace

--0451pm--
deep understanding of BMAD - learn how to prototype fitness idea Raveen mentioned. 

--0830am--
brain dump of all ideas, insights from this morning
- [x] text ch yoga place - "Hey sorry for the delayed response, I appreciate letting me try the class a month ago. At this time, I've been focusing more on individual practice in classes have not been a priority, so I won't be able to sign up in the meantime. However, happy to refer friends who are at Carolina who do want the class experience - ."
- **friends CRM** create CRM of all friends from my Instagram follower. In the CRM track, peoples birthdays, interests along with locations. every annual birthday, send a personalized and written note 
	- Rationale: scalably and cost-effectively keeps her friendship, warm and continious through time
- [x] **strategic weekly planning - work + play integration:** this week during the weekday, meet up with friends at their offices and work. Catch up, but also update them on my status where I'm open to new opportunities and I'm looking possibly to move the bay.
	- more "celebratory" events are going to happen next weekend after all primary work, and personal is taken care of
- **tennis lessons** - ask friends to also intro to other friends who might be looking for tennis lessons (grant cho, max zhang, other 20-somethings)
- raveen decoration - help Raveen decorate and housewarm the apartment - maybe we even have a mini gathering next weekend. 
- [ ] shopping list - travel sized cleanser, lotion, pack of socks, granola for morning yogurt
- work 2 to 3 hours max on palantir POC, but be ruthlessly focused on strategic outcomes rather than coding. 
- maintain running, but integrating with hiking - maybe we do a light trail jog as raveen and i hike?

- Focus on high signal, high alignment, outreach channels, along with daily skill practice (ie ignore VCs, startup twitter shit, penn bullshit....)

---

# SF with Raveen

- [ ] Weekday - skyline in Palo Alto for BMW photos
- [ ] October 10 - Concert

You're now on the list for Benefits & Backhands - Padel Tournament #SFTechWeek!

View details at
https://partiful.com/e/MHzh4E3GonLnNEEFEIOl
You're on the waitlist for Unlocking Our Quantum Future with IBM - #SFTechWeek!

View details at
https://partiful.com/e/aFK1vin7mHLy7iwFMCax
The host of Benefits & Backhands - Padel Tournament #SFTechWeek sent a Text Blast:

Hi everyone! Excited to see you Monday at Park Padel. A few reminders:

-Courts open at 10am for warm-up or SF Tech downtime, and lessons + game play with a coach start at 11am.
-Please complete the waiver (linked below) before arriving. 
-Recommended attire is athletic shoes, activewear, and a ligh...

 View full message at 
https://partiful.com/e/MHzh4E3GonLnNEEFEIOl?update=bpsHZgbDczIazUGrVLmN7
You're now on the list for The Complexity Advantage: Building in the hardest markets  w/ a16z, Valon and Moov - #SFTechWeek!

View details at
https://partiful.com/e/SHK3pnfzLCfeA8RM7L4A
Sorry, your RSVP was not approved for Above the Bay: Founder's Rooftop Night - #SFTechWeek.

View details at
https://partiful.com/e/daYrLXdlkNF1iIBueFwe
You're now on the list for Law Meets Code: AI Rules That Could Shape Your Startup - #SFTechWeek!

View details at
https://partiful.com/e/BSa6N2I7XZ9zTInxHS3g
You're now on the list for Jobseeker Strategy  for #SFTechWeek!

View details at
https://partiful.com/e/Sagycmf6rAaXCf2yhRWI
The host of Sunrise Plunge: Tech Week Kickoff - #SFTechWeek sent a Text Blast:

See everyone on Monday morning, can't wait to plunge with you all bright and early. Remember to bring a towel or blanket, and maybe a friend. We'll aim to plunge right around 7 so try to get there a bit earlier. Y'all the chillerz. 🌊

Reply at 
https://partiful.com/e/6MtQUUYV5p6tNEuH4Nxs?update=bJgnrEf1VLrrVRNPYSXdW
You're now on the list for The Human Edge in an AI World - #SFTechWeek!

View details at
https://partiful.com/e/BnppkLJlo8gcgENHQu9E