
---
title: Balancing exploration and execution
date: 2025-08-04
---

## Meditations

### 8:39 AM - Balancing Exploration and Execution
Both are like yin and yang in the vehicle in life.
The middle path or golden mean yields a richer, sustainable path. 

Grinding 60-80 hrs each week for 5 years may work for a small minority of the world, but personally, for more creative, non-conformist operators - being able to modulate energy and sustain in the long-term is key. 

Academia's priorities and primary emphasis on learning, intellectual quests may have been more practical a century ago, but the educational landscape is quickly shifting. Its not enrollment in a doctorate program or shelling tens of thousands for an educational institutionally-recognized degree, but rather a fusion of the erudite-spirit and a deep fascination with learning and adapting. 


### 12:10 PM
I need to get out of NCFB. Spending all of this energy answering phones is unsustainable. Find other jobs in tech. A PhD may not be the optimal route for my goals of building freedom and autonomy in my life.

The biggest challenge is the lack of traditional technical computer science background. This is something I'm trying to learn building projects. There is this fear that I will not have the engineering/technical skillset, and if I try going hardcore learning - I'll languish in a purely engineering-focused role. I need to have some customer interaction. But alot of entry level engineering jobs are technical focused to build fundamentals before being more management or architect/solutions consultant, etc.

I'm afraid of entering some entry level job, even with founder experience and pigeonholing myself. I can see the appeal of consulting now - alot of non-technical people who can navigate corporate bs. 

I'm fascinated by cutting edge technology. I love learning and relishing in the fast pace of innovation and research. I am more tech/subject matter oriented, rather than just execution (like ppl in finance or consulting). Its soul sucking. 

Most jobs in the US are aren't the primary source of eudaimonia, theres a high correlation between pay and drain. I don't want to sacrifice my intrinsic energy, interest for just steady pay. But I need enough income to maintain a stable, life with freedom for basic needs.

### 2:10 PM
I feel fear right now. A bit lost, out of place, uncertain. 

Even questioning the goals I've set and interests in engineering - doubting whether I can make it if I don't have a traditional path. 

But thats ok. Take a deep breath. Lets be present.

I remind myself, it will be worth it in the end. Trust the process. Keep following the "source" where my interests seem to converge. Immerse yourself and fall in love with the discomfort. 
	

## Workspace

[Genesis AI Company](https://genesis-ai.company/join-us/)

[Run simulations using multiple containers in a single AWS Batch job](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/hpc/run-simulations-using-multiple-containers-in-a-single-aws-batch-job/)

AWS Batch and AWS IoT GreenGrass Version 2

> AWS GreenGrass is the most relevant AWS tool for IoT, robotics and edge computing. Here is the [tutorial](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/greengrass/v2/developerguide/getting-started.html)

> [GreenGrass Development on device](Step 4: Develop and test a component on your device)


-----

IoT Solutions Engineer / Architect: This role focuses on the end-to-end design, implementation, and deployment of IoT solutions, including integrating edge devices with cloud services. They'd be responsible for setting up the AWS IoT Greengrass Core software, configuring components like the Stream Uploader for Amazon Kinesis Video Streams (KVS), managing deployments, and utilizing the AWS CLI for various tasks.

Edge Computing Engineer: This specialization focuses specifically on the development and management of edge computing platforms and applications. This involves designing, implementing, and deploying software components to edge devices, optimizing for performance and resource constraints, and ensuring seamless communication with the cloud.

DevOps Engineer (with an IoT/Edge Focus): While not exclusively an IoT role, a DevOps engineer with expertise in IoT and edge computing would be highly suited for this type of work. They would utilize tools like the AWS CLI for automation, scripting, and deployment processes, focusing on building repeatable and efficient workflows for deploying and managing IoT components like those in the Stream Uploader example. 

---