---

title: Embodying the engineering ethos
date: 2025-07-18

---

### 1:24 PM
I've gained more insight into my strengths and inclinations. Messing around with Microsoft Powershell on my work computer pointed me towards a growing interest in hardware/software integration. 

I love art, personal connection, reading and thinking about philosophy and neuroscience - but fundamentally the route to building economic stability and enough wealth to enjoy those privileges is in solving economic problems - create actual value for people, which those are willing to pay for or critical business problems. 

That's where the multidisciplinary toolkit and mindset will shine - because it requires being "full-stack" in solutions engineering, marketing, network and running your own startup. 

I think learning robotics fundamentals will come from hardware, sensors, computers and networks - all fundamental foundations for robotics or a cloud solutions architect. 

From a values standpoint, I think its a very difficult problem to reverse climate change/global warming with current political-economic trends. However, the core principle behind sustainability is increased awareness about the "supply chain" or "derivatives" of your actions - how the good gets produced, the energy and everything going into it. Understanding the hardware, base-level languages, networking in computers in a similar vein allow you to really understand buildable and developable domains in our economic life. 

The beauty of engineering and building, is that you have SO much more agency in shaping the vision of your world. You can build it, and this creates purpose. 

Not a consultant, where you're giving "advice" or your network. Not being an investor. Those are important skills/roles, but fundamentally, those who are driving true value creation are those with builder mindsets, iterative improvement - rather than just direct from the C-suite. 

