---
title: meeting roadblocks, embracing pivots and trusting the universe
date: 2025-09-23
---

# todo
-[x] run/lift at 6 am
-[x] text SW, CJ
-[x] email UPENN SEAS abt policy for email
-[x] post on LI 3 times 
-[x] post on substack 1/day


-[] talk to Jennifer abt insurance inefficiencies
-[] build i2 - tennis pop ups
-[] build i3 - book club delivered 



# memo

harness your strengths,
construct game to advantage,
no competition

insurance is throttled by connections, distribution channels

---
obs: tennis is super organic way to meet people
pivot: create a rec tennis league, build user base + funnel for adjacent services for 1) health 2) wealth 3) knowledge. decentralized tennis 
rationale: you've played tennis for 15+ years, coached students and know events playbook
a/b test: 1) ig poll 2) closed, word of mouth sign up

---


# meditations
the flow state of running early morning
minimal noise, just yourself, the ground and your breathing
best time of day for idea incubation


# workspace

- [] tennis pop-ups
served in san Francisco

- [] beli meets factor - but for reading books


--1000am--

migrating accounts
-[] Instagram
-[] amazon
-[] mars college, 

setup forwarding email 


--1200PM--
3.08 * 5 = 15.4 + 48.7 = 5 DAYS + 3 DAYS

# writing
health, wealth and knowledge are the foundations. 
just read an article called [Death of the Corporate Worker](https://thestillwandering.substack.com/p/the-death-of-the-corporate-worker/comment/156569123)

realizing freedom is actually more a psychosocial, than a material challenge to tackle. what i mean is that most of freedom comes from the absence of debt, responsibilities, consumption - and the mental state of being a lean machine is incredible. 

we're programmed and conditioned by society and our institutions to believe that consumption is essential and good for our economy. please read [The Bitcoin Standard by Ammous](https://www.amazon.com/Bitcoin-Standard-Decentralized-Alternative-Central/dp/1119473861), which explains much of the hedonism, undisciplined policies and behavior our government and financial institutions engage in. 

I've begun to realize the importance of long-term thinking, (i am pro asymmetric thinking, but responsibly) where services like insurance, banking and core agriculture and construction were essential to building strong human communities. the in-person nature of human neurobiology, our "hardware" if you will, fostered stability and sustainable development throughout our evolution as a species. 

granted, now that hardware is being seriously tested with AI and 

--0130pm--


----


