---
title: Personal Fitness Philosophy and Principles
date: 2026-02-10
---
## Personal Fitness Philosophy and Principles

  

**Motive:** the goal is to become the most energized, sharpest person for the most hours of the day. High performance, resilience, sustainability, and longevity are the principles of my philosophy.

  

 I want to have optimal energy to accomplish high-leverage work, handle intense engineering day job, physical capacity for triathlon training, and the habits to sleep well and recover. And do this sustainably for the next 20-30 years, all the way to 50 years, for the rest of my life. I want to build the base and embody the lifestyle of someone who is going to live well into the run hundreds and take care of my body. 

  

**Challenges:** Currently, my lifestyle and in balancing several constraints makes this a challenge.

1. I travel around 75% for work as a field service engineer, and have irregular routines.
2. I have intensely mental work, and feel exhausted when I get back to the hotel.
3. The nature of triathlon training is very intense and physically taxing. Living in my twenties, I also want to maximize spontaneity and have the flexibility of doing fun, unexpected activities with friends, forming lifetime memories

  

I find it hard to balance all of these three endeavors. I feel exhausted several days of the week, and don't have energy, mental or physical, and fall behind on fitness routines and the focus on my startup, career, and other endeavors. 

  

**Hypothesis:** 

- Forming consistent routines that are sustainable and easy to do makes greater adherence possible. This protocol must be adaptable and resilient, especially with the busy travel schedule, unexpected changes, sleep in various time zones, 
- Additionally, proper nutrition and hydration throughout the day, with proper recovery protocols that speed up recovery in between running, cycling, swimming, and lifting sessions are essential. 
- I also want my body to be energy-efficient, so these workouts aren't draining my mental energy and compromising my ability to do work or other essential tasks. 

  

Given my principles, what are existing strategies, mindsets, and techniques in ways of structuring my weeks that allow all three endeavors, that balance a busy schedule, allows me more mental energy throughout the day to do hard intense work and high leverage activities, and three to keep myself physically strong and in top-notch form in training for the triathlon. 

  

My goal is, whenever I have a week, I'm not feeling drained for more than one or two days. That these consistent habits allow me to maintain a base level of high energy, good decision-making going into the next day, and high productivity.  I want to be able to not overload myself on trips when I hang out with friends, eat the right foods, mindfully exercise and train, so I'm being a more resilient and stronger individual rather than just doing until fatigue.  I want to feel energized and amazing each day, which allows me to do hard and challenging work, rather than feeling exhausted and tired and shirking away from the hardest work