---
title: On overcoming exhaustion, finding renewed direction in robotics execution
date: 2026-02-02
---
# memo

Sometimes, it feels super hard to wake up in the mornings. But you have to do it anyway. Although it wasn't perfect, it was still execution, and I'm gradually closing this loop to train myself to love doing the hard things and find fulfillment in these. I'll take many shots, and I'll try different things, and not all of them will be on target. My best performance won't be every single day, but it's how fast you bounce back, course correct, and try something else. It's based off of the iterations, and not how perfectly you execute the first time. 

# todo

-  Wake up - morning routine - walk - breakfast - yoga

- reply messages

- set up elegoo robot
- publish piece on robotics hardware learning (SSH)
- apply for United Airlines credit card

---

- TF - f/u about Feb/Race Camp
- TF - Concur receipt submissions
- TF - book SF travel
- TF - buy clothing
- TF - send Steven Nvidia conference details
- TF - Follow up on IT ticket

  

# meditations

[#draft](upnote://x-callback-url/tag/view?tag=draft "#draft")

We executed building 1.5 hrs of the robotics - successfully set up control systems via the Elegoo app. We did run into difficulties with calibration,  where we had to calibrate the servo independently.  it was identified that the second servo on top of the frame was not actuating. Executing several troubleshooting methods, such as hardware unplug and replug, restarting the app. However, we were unable to resolve. We disassembled the robot chassis assembly and unplugged pins.

  

 The app itself works moderately well, there are some latency issues and frequent disconnects between the Wi-Fi network that is aboard the robot.  the next step is to upload custom software onto the robot and integrate this with ROS2 for a more robust simulation and deployment pipeline onto the hardware.

  

The goal is to upload a more robust algorithm that allows for remote control, but also feature detection and control from remotely on the computer, allowing AI vision models to run and SLAM navigation 

  

---

  

I feel exhausted this morning. I had to sleep in because I was working on something late last night. 

My legs are sore from the backcountry skiing yesterday, but it's worth it.   
When I wake up, feels very foggy and the weight is just pulling me back in bed. Most of the weekdays I fight this and I'm able to get up, but today it got the better of me. Scrolling and going on social media is too easy when you're in a stressed-out and struggling state. 

But yesterday I did gain a bit more rest, alignment, and rejuvenation by building the fire, and also backcountry skiing and taking a break from all the engineering.   

I think about elite performers, when I'm feeling great during the day, I really want to reach that level. Be exceptional, 0.1% at something, and obsess on pushing myself to achieve new heights. But in the mornings, when you wake up thinking about practice and getting shit done becomes almost overwhelming. 

Today was off to a bit of a slower start, especially with going on your phone and not immediately getting into the flow state. But we will make this work, and you're on the right track. Just keep on going and training towards the right direction.