---
title: Morning Ironman training, Exploring NVIDIA and ThermoFisher
date: 2026-01-14
---
# memo

sometimes its about ripping the bandaid off. even if its later than expected, around 8:30
# todo

- Wake up @ 7 am
- Run 4 mi, swim 30 min
- Drive and work from Duke/Durham Coffee shop 
- Write Substack post about consistency, bouncing back

--

- NVIDIA-ThermoFisher Partnership
- Assemble robotic car

# meditations

--1753pm--

I've decided to explore NVIDIA GPUs further. Especially NVIDIA's solution for life sciences. My computer isn't robust enough, so I need to SSH and do remote work into an RTX in order to access NVIDIA's Omniverse.   
  
It appears that physical AI is a lot more complicated than just the hardware itself. Requires knowledge of model integration and backend software. My goal is to get a taste of this through building an RTX virtual workspace in AWS, and then running Omniverse on that virtual workstation. 

 a higher level is getting a better understanding of how virtual machines and SSHs work. This goes hand-in-hand, in parallel, with the robotics work I'm doing, from the Kalman filter in controls, and then the hardware building of the robot.


I’m just following the thread, I don't have a full picture of where this is going, but it's this consistency and documentation 

  

--1031am--

Got up at 7, but couldn't get out of bed until 8:30. Even if you keep on hitting a wall, you'll always find a way through. Federer said, "You don't win more than half the points, so focus on the point in front of you, do the best in the present point, and not get caught up in the past." In the same vein, focus on the present moment on what you need to execute, which includes the fitness and then any startup or career-related things will take care of themselves. 

 a big difference from three months ago is that I  I already had momentum in my daily fitness routine, so it was practical for me to work out at night. But after a long period of being sick and you're regaining your rhythm, you need to prioritize it early in the morning