## Daily Tasks

- [ ] Send Richard Note of Convo
- [ ] Mail David Feng License Plate
- [ ] Krishna Ramamoorthy - Compile list 

- [ ] Write about AR Hololens, BCI + Quantum Consciousness

## Meditations

### 9:34 AM
I take a holistic/integrative approach to understanding consciousness and human reality. As Sebastian put it, a [[transdisciplinary thinker]]. I think about my interests, beliefs and how my strengths matches to these roles. I respect Palantir, Anduril's incredible work - but not sure if my ikigai is being an engineer there. 

I naturally gravitate towards understanding consciousness, reality and resonance. However, taking a purely mathematical or mechanistic approach drains me. Conversely, I dislike the ambiguity and heuristics of psychology or other "soft disciplines". My solution is to focus on intersectionalities which REQUIRES a composite approach, enabling the rigor of technical disciplines along with the breadth and flexibility of soft disciplines. I have direct experience with [[Buddhism and Systems Thinking]]. 

I want to explore [[consciousness and complexity]] this weekend. Yesterday, I was at a Duke tennis match and the meditations of quantum states, probabilities of winning and each point was enthralling. The consciousness and [[flow state]] involved stimulated my brain to analyze this dynamic. Federico Faggin, Sebastian, Emergence of intelligence and [[biomimetic design]] fascinated me. 

More broadly, I am 23 turning 24. I have completed a major milestone of my formative years in college and founding a company, opening my worldview beyond imagination when I was say 14 years old entering high school. Seeing my peers traveling, dating, living exciting weekends is cool - I was able to experience that myself. Physical fitness - I once ran a marathon, and can still confidently run a half on demand. 

HOWEVER...

I feel incredibly exhausted right now, every day. I feel a bit lost and unsure of my immediate path, within the framework of my current values. 

The moments of highest **[[ikigai]]** and personal resonance were satiating my intellectual curiousity regarding the nature of reality and [[meaning of life]]. The highest personal fulfillment is derived from sitting in my room, seeking to uncover and make sense of this reality I'm inhabiting. I will indulge on the occasional bar crawl, going out - but more existentially pressing is satisfying this inherent curiosity - which has endured since my childhood. 

This spiritual-like connection with nature, harmony, buddhism, biomimetic design, cybernetics, intelligent design, flow states, complex systems, chaos theory, [[quantum panpsychism]] - all seem to have highest signal in pointing towards the direction of great resonance. 

***

### [[personal signal]]

- **Metasystems synthesis** — study how sensory integration, cognitive architectures, and nonlinear dynamics coalesce across scales
- **Experimental ontology** — design experiments that make metaphysical claims legible through feedback (e.g. flow states, meditative awareness, biomimicry-based models)
- **Data-as-mirror** — use data not as extractive resource but as reflective instrument for self/world alignment

Stay near federated thinkers: [Francisco Varela](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Francisco_Varela#:~:text=Varela%20supported%20embodied%20philosophy%2C%20viewing,physical%20world%20which%20it%20enacts.) , Faggin, [Gregory Bateson](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gregory_Bateson), Glattfelder, Kastrup. Don’t seek roles. Architect roles. Leverage existing institutions only as needed for platforming or resourcing your epistemic lab.

[San Francisco Zen Center](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/San_Francisco_Zen_Center)

[Bright Green Environmentalism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bright_green_environmentalism)

[Research Network For Philosophy and Technology](https://philosophyandtechnology.network/language/en/)



### [[Personal Philosophy]]

I am cautious about technologists-environmentalists. People who "evangelize" the near absolute potential of technology - the nerdy cyberpunk archetypes. I recognize the technologist ethos, but fundamentally believe a comprehensive, integrative of the world that balances human dynamics and connectedness. 

They are too radical regarding technology, when awareness and facilitation of sociocultural understanding, consumer trends and sentiments are counterintuitively more effective than hyper-technologists. 

I believe in a higher natural harmony, reconciling both urban, cosmopolitan, erudites, industrialists with fundamentalists, naturalists and spiritual pioneers. 

This largely comes from my life experience in North Carolina, UPenn and New York - where I've embraced multiple facets of my buddhist spiritual orientation, belief in technology, resonance with natural harmony, role of warrior-philosopher engineering to defend western values, and appreciation for finer luxuries in life, such as culinary arts, fashion and mountaineering/fly fishing/skiing. 